---
title: Freeswitch Hangup Cause Code Table
date: 2022-08-09 08:10:00 +1300
categories: [web]
---

## Freeswitch Hangup Cause Code Table

0		UNSPECIFIED	Unspecified. No other cause codes applicable.	This is usually given by the router when none of the other codes apply. This cause usually occurs in the same type of situations as cause 1, cause 88, and cause 100.
1	404	UNALLOCATED_NUMBER	Unallocated (unassigned) number [Q.850 value 1]	This cause indicates that the called party cannot be reached because, although the called party number is in a valid format, it is not currently allocated (assigned).
2	404	NO_ROUTE_TRANSIT_NET	No route to specified transit network (national use) [Q.850]	This cause indicates that the equipment sending this cause has received a request to route the call through a particular transit network, which it does not recognize. The equipment sending this cause does not recognize the transit network either because the transit network does not exist or because that particular transit network, while it does exist, does not serve the equipment which is sending this cause.
3	404	NO_ROUTE_DESTINATION	No route to destination [Q.850]	This cause indicates that the called party cannot be reached because the network through which the call has been routed does not serve the destination desired. This cause is supported on a network dependent basis.
6		CHANNEL_UNACCEPTABLE	channel unacceptable [Q.850]	This cause indicates that the channel most recently identified is not acceptable to the sending entity for use in this call.
7		CALL_AWARDED_DELIVERED	call awarded, being delivered in an established channel [Q.850]	This cause indicates that the user has been awarded the incoming call, and that the incoming call is being connected to a channel already established to that user for similar calls (e.g. packet-mode x.25 virtual calls).
16		NORMAL_CLEARING	normal call clearing [Q.850]	This cause indicates that the call is being cleared because one of the users involved in the call has requested that the call be cleared. Under normal situations, the source of this cause is not the network.
17	486	USER_BUSY	user busy [Q.850]	This cause is used to indicate that the called party is unable to accept another call because the user busy condition has been encountered. This cause value may be generated by the called user or by the network. In the case of user determined user busy it is noted that the user equipment is compatible with the call.
18	408	NO_USER_RESPONSE	no user responding [Q.850]	This cause is used when a called party does not respond to a call establishment message with either an alerting or connect indication within the prescribed period of time allocated.
19	480	NO_ANSWER	no answer from user (user alerted) [Q.850]	This cause is used when the called party has been alerted but does not respond with a connect indication within a prescribed period of time. Note - This cause is not necessarily generated by Q.931 procedures but may be generated by internal network timers.
20	480	SUBSCRIBER_ABSENT	subscriber absent [Q.850]	This cause value is used when a mobile station has logged off, radio contact is not obtained with a mobile station or if a personal telecommunication user is temporarily not addressable at any user-network interface. Sofia SIP will normally raise USER_NOT_REGISTERED in such situations.
21	603	CALL_REJECTED	call rejected [Q.850]	This cause indicates that the equipment sending this cause does not wish to accept this call, although it could have accepted the call because the equipment sending this cause is neither busy nor incompatible. The network may also generate this cause, indicating that the call was cleared due to a supplementary service constraint. The diagnostic field may contain additional information about the supplementary service and reason for rejection.
22	410	NUMBER_CHANGED	number changed [Q.850]	This cause is returned to a calling party when the called party number indicated by the calling party is no longer assigned, The new called party number may optionally be included in the diagnostic field. If a network does not support this cause, cause no: 1, unallocated (unassigned) number shall be used.
23	410	REDIRECTION_TO_NEW_DESTINATION		This cause is used by a general ISUP protocol mechanism that can be invoked by an exchange that decides that the call should be set-up to a different called number. Such an exchange can invoke a redirection mechanism, by use of this cause value, to request a preceding exchange involved in the call to route the call to the new number.
25	483	EXCHANGE_ROUTING_ERROR		This cause indicates that the destination indicated by the user cannot be reached, because an intermediate exchange has released the call due to reaching a limit in executing the hop counter procedure. This cause is generated by an intermediate node, which when decrementing the hop counter value, gives the result 0.
27	502	DESTINATION_OUT_OF_ORDER	destination out of order [Q.850]	This cause indicates that the destination indicated by the user cannot be reached because the interface to the destination is not functioning correctly. The term "not functioning correctly" indicates that a signal message was unable to be delivered to the remote party; e.g. a physical layer or data link layer failure at the remote party, or user equipment off-line.
28	484	INVALID_NUMBER_FORMAT	invalid number format (address incomplete) [Q.850]	This cause indicates that the called party cannot be reached because the called party number is not in a valid format or is not complete.
29	501	FACILITY_REJECTED	facilities rejected [Q.850]	This cause is returned when a supplementary service requested by the user cannot be provide by the network.
30		RESPONSE_TO_STATUS_ENQUIRY	response to STATUS INQUIRY [Q.850]	This cause is included in the STATUS message when the reason for generating the STATUS message was the prior receipt of a STATUS INQUIRY.
31	480	NORMAL_UNSPECIFIED	normal, unspecified [Q.850]	This cause is used to report a normal event only when no other cause in the normal class applies.
34	503	NORMAL_CIRCUIT_CONGESTION	no circuit/channel available [Q.850]	This cause indicates that there is no appropriate circuit/channel presently available to handle the call.
38	502	NETWORK_OUT_OF_ORDER	network out of order [Q.850]	This cause indicates that the network is not functioning correctly and that the condition is likely to last a relatively long period of time e.g. immediately re-attempting the call is not likely to be successful.
41	503	NORMAL_TEMPORARY_FAILURE	temporary failure [Q.850]	This cause indicates that the network is not functioning correctly and that the condition is not likely to last a long period of time; e.g. the user may wish to try another call attempt almost immediately.
42	503	SWITCH_CONGESTION	switching equipment congestion [Q.850]	This cause indicates that the switching equipment generating this cause is experiencing a period of high traffic.
43		ACCESS_INFO_DISCARDED	access information discarded [Q.850]	This cause indicates that the network could not deliver access information to the remote user as requested, i.e. user-to-user information, low layer compatibility, high layer compatibility or sub-address as indicated in the diagnostic. It is noted that the particular type of access information discarded is optionally included in the diagnostic.
44	503	REQUESTED_CHAN_UNAVAIL	requested circuit/channel not available [Q.850]	This cause is returned when the other side of the interface cannot provide the circuit or channel indicated by the requesting entity.
45		PRE_EMPTED		
